[FLINK-14420][doc] Add documentation for pluggable module (#10121)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/modules.md

---
<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

Modules can extend Flink's built-in objects by defining a set of metadata, for example, functions.

Modules are pluggable. Flink provides a few pre-built modules. Users can write their own too.

For example, users can define their own geo functions and plug them into Flink as built-in functions to be used in 
Flink SQL and Table APIs. Another example is users can load an out-of-shelf Hive module to use Hive built-in 

> functions as part of Flink built-in functions.

Reviewer: Modules allow users to extend Flink's built-in objects, such as defining functions that behave like Flink built-in functions. They are pluggable, and while Flink provides a few pre-built modules, users can write their own.

* This will be replaced by the TOC
{:toc}

## Module Types

### CoreModule

> `CoreModule` currently contains all system (built-in) functions. It's loaded by default.

Reviewer: `CoreModule` contains all of Flink's system (built-in) functions and is loaded by default.

### HiveModule

The `HiveModule` provides Hive built-in functions as Flink's system functions to SQL and Table API users.
Flink's [Hive documentation]({{ site.baseurl }}/dev/table/hive/hive_functions.html) provides full details on setting up the module.

### User-Defined Module

Users can develop custom modules by implementing the `Module` interface.
To use custom modules in SQL CLI, users should develop both a module and its corresponding module factory by implementing 
the `ModuleFactory` interface.

> Module factory defines a set of properties for configuring the module when the SQL CLI bootstraps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A module factory defines a set of properties for configuring the module when the SQL CLI bootstraps.
```

> The set of properties will be passed to a discovery service where the service tries to match the properties to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties are passed to a discovery service where the service tries to match the properties to
```

>  a `ModuleFactory` and initiate a corresponding module instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 a `ModuleFactory` and instantiate a corresponding module instance.
```

 

## Namespace and Resolution Order

Objects provided by modules are taken as part of Flink's system (built-in) objects, thus they don't have any namespaces.

The order to load modules matter for resolution purpose. When there are two objects of the same name residing in two modules,

> Flink always resolve the object reference to the one in the 1st loaded module. 

Reviewer: Objects provided by modules are considered part of Flink's system (built-in) objects; thus, they don't have any namespaces. 	 
When there are two objects of the same name residing in two modules, 	Flink always resolves the object reference to the one in the 1st loaded module.
